add adguard for windows v8 section (#785)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/adguard-for-windows-8/protection/parental-control.md

---
title: Parental control
sidebar_position: 6
---

:::info

This article describes the beta version of AdGuard for Windows v8.0, a comprehensive ad blocker that protects your device at the system level.

This is a beta release and still under development. If you’d like to try it, download the [beta version of AdGuard for Windows v8](https://agrd.io/adguard_for_windows_8_beta).

:::

There are several websites that children shouldn’t be able to access. *Parental control* helps you solve this problem.

![Parental control *border](https://cdn.adtidy.org/content/kb/ad_blocker/windows/version_8/protection/parental_control.png)

> When *Parental control* is enabled, AdGuard scans the content of web pages and blocks those that may be harmful or inappropriate for children. This includes adult images and text, crude language, violence, and drug-related content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When *Parental control* is enabled, AdGuard scans the content of webpages and blocks those that may be harmful or inappropriate for children. This includes adult images and text, crude language, violence, and drug-related content.
```
